Translate the remaining texts... (#185)
sparanoid/chinese-copywriting-guidelines: README.en.md

>
> 我們的客戶有 gｲんĤЦ8、ｷouЯƧquﾑгє、๓เςг๏ร๏Ŧt ς๏гק๏гคtเ๏ภn、900913、ƒ4ᄃëв๏๏к, IПᄃ.。

> Attention: when the letters in a webpage need to be all upper/lower cases to match the overall visual style, please write the letters in the standard format; and define the display form by `text-transform: uppercase;`／`text-transform: lowercase;` if using HTML.

Reviewer: <img width="716" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7020805/217740443-0acb04bb-349f-418e-8889-bd40b9d2c859.png">

Author: 我翻译的内容和ChatGPT的风格不同是正常的. 我的劳动成果是信达雅的直译, 你让ChatGPT来paraphrase的结果确实是更“easy to read”的风格. 两种风格没有高下之分, if any, 则翻译之前的中文原句也是“不easy to read”的. 行吧, 你改吧, 我随便, 都ok的.

Reviewer: > 我的劳动成果是信达雅的直译

信是有；雅看审美。
达我不认可：HTML是很重要的论域，不应列为后置状语，试前置为宾语：
```suggestion
Note that: for webpages, if the overall visual style requires the letters to be all upper-case or all lower-case, consider capitalizing the HTML code naturally, and rendering them with `text-transform: uppercase;` / `text-transform: lowercase;` commands.
```
